march 9, 2019 code review

+ Description of code at a high level.
    - At the top of the file one should be informed of the code's mission statement.

    fn screen_shot
X double include "use std::io::prelude::*" line 11.
X used twice but included locally gdi32::CreateCompatibleDC,
X line 85 is not used gdi32::GetObjectA
X line 101 if bitmap_handle  is bad we should exit fn screen_shot
X wtf is _wi line 106
+ line 108 should we keep the ability to exit out of a screen capture loop? screen captures seem to take so little
time that it doesn't seem useful.
X wtf is bRet line 119?
+ line 125 the inclusion of pixels is not necessary. I don't think the buffer is used when I give it to windows
+ lines 130 and line 159 bitmap_info and info have the exact same information. Do we need two instances.

    fn renderToBuffer -> renderDefaultToBuffer
X line 320 this function should be renamed.
    - applies a constant color to a buffer. This is not apparent from the name.
X an option for an input color should be added

X line 330 all static vars should be grouped together at the head of the file

    fn resizeBMP
+ add enlarge resizing
+ there needs to be an optimization pass

    fn drawBMP
X  line 394 swap hard coded rescale with rescale function
X  line 394 bypass rescale if there is no rescale option
X  drawing a 24 bit per pixel file is bad (is only bad for tiny box bmp "Untitled.bmp")
X  add with overflow error

    fn getAdvance
X line 567 switch from rounding to casting

    fn drawRect
X when drawing rect that is not filled the thickness of the horizontal and vertical lines are not consistent
  Might be fixed with floats and rounding

    fn update (line 969)
X we basically repeat lines 996-1018 and 970-992 we should move this stuff outside the if statement
    => Not sure about this yet.  There are some small differences between the two blocks of code.
    I need to think on this a little more.

    fn app_main
X "i" is used inline 1202 and is scoped for the entire function. This is not good and needs to be cleaned up

Notes from use
X text interaction needs to be refined
X Screen capture crashed
  There is something wrong with multiple screen captures, they do not seem to work
  Crash occur a minute or two after we take a screen shot
  In release mode I think there needs to be a cool down before one can take a new screenshot because we
  are trying to create a new file before we

+ would be nice if app default data was read from a text file
X cursor should pulse
X do we have timers
X unwraps replace with expect

X clean up most warnings
